script: add page (#2918)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/script.md

# script

> Record all terminal output to file.

> - Record user's session to file named "typescript" in current directory:

Reviewer: I think it read better with the articles. 

```suggestion
- Record user's session to a file named "typescript" in current directory:
```

> - Record user's session to a file named "typescript" in current directory:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Record a new session to a file named `typescript` in the current directory:
```

`script`

> - Record user's session to file named "session.out":

Reviewer: I think it read better with the articles. 

```suggestion
- Record user's session to a file named "session.out":
```

> - Record user's session to a file named "session.out":

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Record a new session to custom filepath:
```

> `script session.out`

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
`script {{path/to/session.out}}`
```

> - Record user's session, appending to existing "session.out":

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Record a new session, appending to an existing file:
```

> `script -a session.out`

Reviewer: Is session.out a file? Can the name change?

Reviewer 3: Looks like it is, I'd suggest adding the `{{parentheses}}` around it.

Reviewer: Yes. That was my concern.

Author: @mebeim and @ schneiderl I hear and obey. I also changed the timing file name for consistency.

> - Record user's session to file for replay later:

Reviewer: I think it read better with the articles. 

```suggestion
- Record user's session to a file for replay later:
```

> - Record user's session to a file for replay later:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Record timing information (data is outputted to the standard error):
```
